- The Street/Satellite/Terrain buttons are on the left now, it should be on the right, and its also showing the collapse button on desktop but it should only be on mobile and tablets. 

- When users click the blue zip border to add a zip to the results, its currently returing an error, and its not being added, also there are no user feedback messages to show that the zip was added. See @/Error Logs/log-1.md for more details.

- When users click a zip marker on the map, show the zip border, it currently only works when users only click the zip result in the bottom drawer but it should work both ways. Make it also such that when the border presents after a user clicks either the marker or the result in the bottom drawer, only the border for that zip is shown, not all of them.

- When users switch between Radius Search and Polygon Search, remove the markers, but keep the zip code borders highlighted where the results were. Also keep the view in the same location rather than resetting the view to the entire map. This appeared to have been a glitch, but I prefer it now - only with this, the zip border is showing that its included in the results when users switch between Radius Search and Polygon Search. Make sure to fix that when updating. Also, Have another button to reset the view to the entire US map and clear the zip borders.

- Improve the method to find local neighbors of zipcodes in a give radius or ploygon from the user, use @topology neighbors.md for more details. Use the best approach for this, feel free to use any other method if you think it would be better. But the current method is not reliable enough

- Review @Error Logs/log-2.md I am getting errors for zip code borders for borders that are acutally found, and I'm getting alot of errors in general. Reveiw the approach to find the zip code borders and fix the issues let me know what backup apis we can use to prevent the errors. And we should have a way to feed the fall backs to the droplet thats providing the zip code borders

- The uploaded CSV file, for Upload Search does not work, the popup modal appears to work but the output and view on map is not showing any results. Lets set up another way to do this, please accept the file to the server, have the server process it, and return the results to the clients map rather than trying to do it client side. Lets consider an approach like this. This doesn't seem like it should be that difficult, I'm not sure if this is set up with the new endpoint for supabase so lets make sure that is set up correctly first. Also remove "-Headers auto-detected" from the floading upload section

- Make the "Copy" button in the "Excluded" tab in the drawer have a response when clicked, show a checkmark or something to show that it was copied.

- When the county borders are enabled, and clicked its showing state numbers, not the actual state name.


